adding instructions to test the project export feature for MPS (#448)
o3de/o3de-multiplayersample: Documentation/O3DEMPSProjectExportTesting.md

# O3DE MPS Project Export Testing Instructions

## Notes

* The general O3DE project-centric export script is still in development. For now the project-centric instructions will be calibrated using the MPS Gamelift Export Script. Once the general script is merged, the instructions will be updated.
* This instruction set assumes the host platform is Windows. Instructions for Linux coming shortly.

## Fresh Install and Setup
1. Clone the development branch of O3DE:
```bash
cd \path\to\workspace
git clone -b development https://github.com/o3de/o3de.git 
```
2. Clone the development branch of O3DE MPS:
```bash
git clone -b development https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git
```
3. Clone O3DE MPS Assets, then switch to development branch. Afterwards initialize any submodules (such as O3DEPopcornFX), and make sure they are on development:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample-assets.git
cd o3de-multiplayersample-assets
git switch development

> git lfs pull

Reviewer: I'm curious why you have lfs pull here but not for other 2 repos?

# O3DE MPS Project Export Testing Instructions

## Notes

* The general O3DE project-centric export script is still in development. For now the project-centric instructions will be calibrated using the MPS Gamelift Export Script. Once the general script is merged, the instructions will be updated.
* This instruction set assumes the host platform is Windows. Instructions for Linux coming shortly.

## Fresh Install and Setup
1. Clone the development branch of O3DE:
```bash
cd \path\to\workspace

> git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de.git # this should already be in development branch

Reviewer: The default branch might be a local setting.
It would be better to be explicit here. With git you can actually clone into a specific branch.

```
git clone -b <branch> <remote_repo>
```

> git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de.git # this should already be in development branch

Reviewer 2: nit: __#_Comment

> git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de.git # this should already be in development branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de.git  # This should already be in development branch
```

```
2. Clone the development branch of O3DE MPS:
```bash

> git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git # this should already be in development branch

Reviewer: Same as previous comment.

> git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git # this should already be in development branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample.git  # This should already be in development branch
```

```
3. Clone O3DE MPS Assets, then switch to development branch. Afterwards initialize any submodules (such as O3DEPopcornFX), and make sure they are on development:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample-assets.git
cd o3de-multiplayersample-assets
git switch development
git lfs pull
git submodule update --init --recursive
cd Gems/O3DEPopcornFXPlugin

> git switch development

Reviewer: We should go with what -assets repro pointing to, instead of modifying the submodule in testing.

Author: gotcha, so if issues come up related to the wrong commit being pointed to, that is something we have to fix. Makes sense.

```

> 4. Now get the engine registered, along with projects (this is similar to registration found in O3DE MPS Github readme):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Now register the engine, project, and gems (this is similar to [registration found in O3DE MPS Github readme](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/blob/MPSProjectExportTestingInstructions/README.md#step-2-register-the-engine-the-project-and-the-gems)  ):
```

```bash
cd \path\to\workspace\o3de
python\get_python
scripts\o3de register --this-engine

> scripts\o3de register --all-gems-path \path\to\workspace\o3de-multiplayersample-assets\Gems
> scripts\o3de register -p \path\to\workspace\o3de-multiplayersample

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scripts\o3de register -p \path\to\workspace\o3de-multiplayersample
scripts\o3de register --all-gems-path \path\to\workspace\o3de-multiplayersample-assets\Gems
```

```

## Run Project Export

> We can use the export script for MPSGamelift to export in a project-centric manner. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the MPSGamelift export script to produce a game and server package. 
```

> 1. To do so, first create the directory you want to output the game to, cd into that directory, then run the export command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the directory you want to output the game and server, navigate to that directory, and run the export command:
```

```bash
mkdir \path\to\output
cd \path\to\output
\full\path\to\workspace\o3de\scripts\o3de export-project -es \full\path\to\workspace\o3de-multiplayersample\MPSGameLift\Scripts\export_gamelift_server_package.py --code --assets -ll INFO --package-gamelauncher
```

> 2. Use `ls`  to verify that the project was exported. You should see two directories in your output folder: `MultiplayerSampleGamePackage` and `GameLiftPackageWindows`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. You should see two directories in your output folder: `MultiplayerSampleGamePackage` and `GameLiftPackageWindows`
```

## Test Exported Project

> 1. To test MPS, first run the server, then run the Game. You may need to provide admin privelege to allow talking to the AssetProcessor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. To test MPS, first run the server, then run the game. You may need to provide admin privilege to enable a connection to AssetProcessor:
```

```bash
.\GameLiftPackageWindows\MultiplayerSample.ServerLauncher.exe --rhi=null -NullRenderer --console-command-file=launch_server.cfg --net_udpDefaultTimeoutMs=20000
 

> # wait for server to get setup, then run the game launcher

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Wait for server to get setup, then run the game launcher
```
